Add support to configure BSSID in Wi-Fi connect command (#70024)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.7.rst

>   one IPv4 address / network interface, the netmask must be specified

Reviewer: Please change the migration guide commit subject to
```
 doc: migration-guide-3.7: Add wifi shell connect cmd info
```
because we are actually changing the documentation and not the wifi stuff in this commit.

Author: Done

  for each IPv4 address separately. (:github:`68419`)

* Modified the `wifi connect` command to use key-value format for the arguments. In
  previous implementation, we were identifying the option by option's position in argument string.
  This makes it difficult to deal with optional arguments or extending the support
  for other options. Having key-value format makes it easier to extend the options that
  can be passed to connect command.

>   `wifi -h` will give more information about the usage of connect command.

Reviewer: Could you add the link to this PR like in other bullet points, so
```
(:github:`70024`)
```

Author: Done.

  one IPv4 address / network interface, the netmask must be specified
  for each IPv4 address separately. (:github:`68419`)

> * Modified the `wifi connect` command to use key-value format for the arguments. In

Author: Done.

  one IPv4 address / network interface, the netmask must be specified
  for each IPv4 address separately. (:github:`68419`)

> * Modified the `wifi connect` command to use key-value format for the arguments. In

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Modified the ``wifi connect`` command to use key-value format for the arguments. In
```

Author: Done

>   previous implementation, we were identifying the option by option's position in argument string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  previous implementation, we were identifying the option using its position in argument string.
```

Author: Done.

>   previous implementation, we were identifying the option using it's position in argument string.

Reviewer 2: looks like the change I previously suggested wasn't correctly applied

```suggestion
  previous implementation, we were identifying the option using its position in argument string.
```

  This makes it difficult to deal with optional arguments or extending the support
  for other options. Having key-value format makes it easier to extend the options that
  can be passed to connect command.

>   `wifi -h` will give more information about the usage of connect command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ``wifi -h`` will give more information about the usage of connect command.
```

Author: Done
